hello this is Altoona the for recording
a rome total war online multiplayer
replay I'm the Macedonians and my
opponent is Rome as you can let's see
what he's got basically just got the
jerry first cohorts some spearmint on
the right and left flanks roman archers
in the back some Roman Calvary three
units of them nothing's really upgraded
well I royal pikemen upgraded some
archers and my companions basically just
move with my guys up right now gonna lie
to him up get everything all ready to go
so slow and I'm going to move my arches
up to attack his archers he has fire on
flaming around for some reason who knows
why he just does my failings up now get
my count for anything charge
so you can see is our judge are doing
some not too worried about them with a
Mumbai cavalry up over here I'm going to
try to take out his cadbury then just in
which hammer and anvil him in the back
till he's done not really too worried
because bleacher in first cohort can't
really contend with
if he somehow manages to kill piece of
men who lose hot looks like wow
basically said it surrounded the three
white though
this year I just did maybe they're
hungry but then i came in with these
guys criticize archers don't play will
be here in sure they're getting shirts
yeah things going to rush me
she's going to fail these guys come back
in favor this side and then when I trap
in his horses when they're done
thanks
I guess I didn't turn phalanx on that
point there we go little slow so I'm
really think I'm trying to chicks on
this are sure to finish them off because
they're certain piss me off at this
point why are sure they're not doing
much you were in Rome Calgary it shows
up Milo are treated but but I really
care about them not going to do much
promise I control this flank over here
the left flank I'm sure coming behind
them and squish in this trench coat
here come my calvary for a hammer and
anvil on the right flank
their compass Calvary for some reason I
don't know what the point of that was
game over it's about to be over cuz here
comes over and there go the gods have
filled its general Garre god be praised
Oh sir yes sir he's men know they do
purchase not gonna really be able to do
much
skin them off aliens left for this tree
are I over here was our truce I'm gonna
fast forward this part because at this
point he just decided he's not going to
give up and he's gonna keep running his
archers around in circles so I can't
attack them so was speed up basically
I'm just gonna keep changing notes are
judging my Calvary because he doesn't
want to give up some reason who don't
think he's new to the game he's always
got life to be over he gives up ball
right now yeah enemy obsolete listen
again this is a crushing victory worthy
of a great general for a victory I only
had four hundred sixty seven men that
killed 609 he had 683 he killed 131 / I
was a pretty good game if you use her
back oh-ho she probably would have been
a lot better I mean yeah at least four
units of fully upgraded different
cohorts you buy a great board over to my
failings then if he had some Praetorian
Calvary you probably got a ganged up and
killed off my companions son anyway it
was a good game